Task-Manager-Comps-2014-2015
============================
Carleton College Comps Project Fall 2014-Winter 2015

Group Members:
Larkin Flodin, Avery Johnson, Abby Lewis,
Will Schiefling, Alex Trautman, Maraki Ketema

Advisor:
David Liben-Nowell

A comps project to create algorithms to solve a scheduling problem involving tasks with temporal and spatial components.

Datasets can be randomly generated by modifying parameers in createTests.py and then running it, or by calling functions within that file.

Most algorithms can be run with a command like "python algorithmName.py "testFilePath" numSeconds" where numSeconds is the number of seconds to run the algorithm for. Some algorithms do not require a time limit.

vnsVisualizer.py and taskManagerGUI.py can be run using processing-py (https://github.com/jdf/processing.py).

Running integerProgram.py requires both the installation of puLP (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/PuLP), as well as the installation and setup of Gurobi Optimizer (www.gurobi.com).

Once the Gurobi Optimizer itself has been installed, the gurobipy package then needs to be installed. This is done using the setup.py file created by installation of the Gurobi Optimizer.

Both PuLP and gurobipy should only be installed on the native version of Python that comes with whatever version of OS X your computer is running, otherwise they tend to experience problems. Integer program code is untested on Windows or Linux, but theoretically equivalent packages exist that should make this possible.
